build all these 🚀 New Advanced Sections:
A. Advanced PDF Manipulation

Multi-language OCR with Tesseract.js
Annotation suite (highlight, draw, shapes, text)
Form creation and filling
PDF security (password, permissions, PDF/A)
Page manipulation tools

B. Collaborative Features

Real-time WebSocket collaboration
Multi-step approval workflows
Document routing automation
Task management system
Live presence indicators

C. Smart Search & Intelligence

ElasticSearch-powered full-text search
AI-based auto-tagging and classification
Smart folders with auto-organization rules
Duplicate detection
Similar document suggestions

D. Integration Hub

Cloud storage connectors (Google Drive, OneDrive, Dropbox, Box)
Enterprise SSO (SAML, OIDC, SCIM)
Communication tools (Slack, Teams, Email, SMS)
Productivity integrations (Zapier, Power Automate)
Full REST API with SDKs and webhooks

E. Advanced Security

Zero-knowledge client-side encryption
Immutable blockchain-like audit logs
DLP (Data Loss Prevention) with PII detection
Granular permissions (time, location, device-based)
Risk-based authentication

F. Advanced File Processing

Batch processing with queue system
AI-powered image processing (background removal, enhancement)
Document intelligence (auto-classification, data extraction)
Language detection and translation
Invoice and contract parsing

G. Analytics & Reporting

Real-time usage dashboards
Custom report builder
Business intelligence metrics
Performance monitoring
Scheduled automated reports

H. Enterprise Infrastructure

Multi-tenancy with tenant isolation
White-label branding
High availability and disaster recovery
Multi-region deployment
Auto-scaling capabilities

The document now includes 20 major advanced feature categories with implementation details, code examples, and a 20-week phased roadmap. It covers everything from basic fixes to enterprise-grade features that rival or exceed iLovePDF's capabilities!

21 minutes ago

Pondered feature prioritization
This is an ambitious set of enterprise features! Let me create a focused implementation plan starting with the most critical and achievable features. I'll prioritize the core functionality first.


Opened attached_assets/Pasted--UDAAN-DMS-Critical-Focus-Points-IMMEDIATE-FIXES-REQUIR_1765302455649.txt

Opened server/services/fileProcessor.ts

Planned critical feature prioritization
This is an extensive enterprise feature set! Let me create a prioritized implementation plan focusing on the most critical and achievable features first.


Planned file processor enhancements
Let me start implementing the critical features. First, I'll enhance the file processor with more PDF features:


Edited server/services/fileProcessor.ts

Planned routing and page updates
Now let me add API routes for these new file processing features:


Show 3 more

Edited server/routes.ts

Planned frontend convert page updates
Now let me update the Convert Tools page with an iLovePDF-like interface:


Opened client/src/pages/convert.tsx
Optimized Agent memory

Planned comprehensive PDF interface
Now I'll rewrite the convert page with a comprehensive iLovePDF-like interface with all the new tools:


Edited client/src/pages/convert.tsx

Planned convert page functionality
Now let me restart the workflow and create the analytics dashboard page:


Restarted Start application

Planned analytics page development
Now let me add the analytics dashboard and enhanced storage functions. First, let me add the analytics API routes:


Show 2 more

Opened server/storage.ts

Planned analytics API development
Let me add enhanced analytics methods and create the analytics dashboard:


Edited server/storage.ts

Planned search routes and analytics
Now let me add the analytics API routes and create the analytics dashboard page:


Show 2 more

Edited server/routes.ts

Planned analytics dashboard page creation
Now let me create the analytics dashboard page:


Created client/src/pages/analytics.tsx

Decided on route and link
Now let me update the App.tsx to add the analytics route and update the sidebar:


Show 9 more

Edited client/src/components/app-sidebar.tsx

Restarted workflow to test changes
Let me restart the workflow and check the logs to make sure everything is working:


Show 2 more
Checked console and system logs

Marked task complete, planning next
Good, the application is running. Let me update the first task as completed and continue with the remaining features. Let me call the architect to review the changes:


Reviewed PDF tools and analytics dashboard

Approved architect's design review
The architect approved the implementation. Let me update the task list and continue with the remaining features:


Fix PDF rotation, add editing

Improve tool page design

Add usage statistics dashboard
Optimized Agent memory

Planned batch file operations
Now let me implement batch processing capabilities. I'll add batch file operations with progress tracking:


Show 2 more

Edited server/services/fileProcessor.ts

Added batch processing API routes
Now let me add the batch processing API routes:


Show 11 more
Checked console and system logs

Reviewed batch processing implementation

Reviewed batch processing implementation

Decided batch processing improvements
Let me fix the batch processing issues:


Show 9 more

Restarted Start application

Marked task two complete

Add bulk actions with progress

Planned advanced search with filters
Now let me implement advanced search with filters. Let me first check the storage interface:


Executed rg -C 10 -n searchDocuments server/storage.ts

Planned search page enhancements
Let me enhance the search functionality in the storage and add a search page:


Show 2 more

Edited server/storage.ts

Planned search API filter enhancement
Now let me update the search route to support the new filters:


Edited server/routes.ts

Planned search page structure
Now let me create a search page:


Created client/src/pages/search.tsx

Planned search page integration
Now let me add the search page to the app and sidebar:


Show 13 more

Restarted Start application

Reviewed search implementation plan

Evaluated advanced search implementation

Decided on API authentication for search
Let me fix the search page to use proper authentication:


Show 5 more

Restarted Start application

Planned next task sequence

Add detailed search with filters
Optimized Agent memory

Tested search page functionality

Tested your app and sent results to Agent

Admin Login and Search Functionality TestFix admin user address path
Allow logged-in users to search
Complete SuperAdmin user form
Test file changing features work
Test full process: login to download

Watch replay
admin fetures are not working the features that are in admin dashboard is not working that means all the fertures are also not working if yes then make a page of it and run the page of all and run it all the features from its full potential way and make it responsive format









It looks like after you log in as an administrator, you can get to the search page just fine and see all the filter options. However, when you try to actually search for something, the system incorrectly says you're not allowed to access the search results, even though you're logged in. This means you can't use the search function as expected.

Restarted Start application

Restarted Start application
Agent encountered an error while running, we are investigating the issue.

Checkpoint made
1 minute ago
Saved progress at the end of the loop

Rollback here

Changes

View preview
Worked for 20 minutes